README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <picture>
    <source
      width="250"
      srcset="./docs/public/logo-dark.png"
      media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
    />
    <source
      width="250"
      srcset="./docs/public/logo-light.png"
      media="(prefers-color-scheme: light), (prefers-color-scheme: no-preference)"
    />
    <img width="250" src="./docs/public/logo-light.png" />
  </picture>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg" /></a>
</a>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://discord.gg/XuNFDcDZGj"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1229292283657195520?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white&label=Discord&color=%23404eed" /></a>
  <a href="https://t.me/+6WKTUzWijf1kMzFl"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Group-%235AA9E6?logo=telegram&label=Telegram" /></a>
</p>

# [Nólëbase](https://github.com/nolebase/nolebase) Integrations

[简体中文](./README.zh-CN.md)

---

A collection of diverse documentation engineering tools.

> [Nólëbase](https://github.com/nolebase/nolebase) is an open-source knowledge base named after Nólëbase, pronounced as nole-base, derived from the Quenya word 'nólë' meaning 'knowledge' and the English word 'base', hence 'knowledge base'.


## Features

- 🌟 Easy to use
  - Easy and less caring about toolings. Writing is already time-consuming and labor-intensive. These issues should not be obstacles to restrict your creativity.
- 🗿 Cross-platform
  - Whether it is static-first like VitePress and Rspress, or client-first like Obsidian and Logseq, we hope to deliver the similar or even better experience across different platforms.
- 🔮 Rich Features
  - Expand your imagination far beyond with Nólëbase Integrations with loads of features, widgets, components to fill the gap between note-taking platforms while improving.
- 🚀 Writing First
  - From the perspective of documentation engineering, solve and simplify some UX/DX problems, aiming to let creators focus on writing documents, notes, making cards and GTD!


<h2 align="center">Sponsors</h2>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/nolebase/sponsors">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nolebase/sponsors/sponsors.svg"/>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  This project is made possible by all the sponsors supporting our work <br>
  You can join them at our sponsors profile:
</p>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/sponsors/LittleSound"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Sponsor&message=Rizumu&logo=GitHub&color=%23fe8e86&style=for-the-badge" /></a>
<a href="https://github.com/sponsors/nekomeowww"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Sponsor&message=Neko&logo=GitHub&color=%23fe8e86&style=for-the-badge" /></a>
</p>


## Get started

- [Documentation](https://nolebase-integrations.ayaka.io/): It's not easy to demonstrate how integrations work with VitePress, and navigate to find references in README, why don't we give it a try to use our documentation site generated by VitePress?
- [packages](./packages) directory: All the integrations are kept under the `packages` directory, and each integration is a separate package. You can find the corresponding README in each package directory for more details.

If you just want to use the integrations, you can use the following command to install the integrations you need into your VitePress project:

```shell
pnpm i @nolebase/<integration-name> -D
```

If you use [`@antfu/ni`](https://github.com/antfu/ni), you can also use the following command:

```shell
ni @nolebase/<integration-name> -D
```

To find out the integration name, there is a list of integrations below.

- [UnoCSS (for Obsidian)](https://github.com/nolebase/obsidian-plugin-unocss)
- [Auto Sidebar](./packages/vitepress-plugin-sidebar/README.md)
- [Bi-Directional Links (for `markdown-it`)](./packages/markdown-it-bi-directional-links/README.md)
- [Elements Transformation (for `markdown-it`)](./packages/markdown-it-element-transform/README.md)
- [Lazy loading blurred thumbnails (for `markdown-it`)](./packages/markdown-it-unlazy-img/README.md)
- [Enhanced Readabilities (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-enhanced-readabilities/README.md)
- [Git-based page histories (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-git-changelog/README.md)
- [Inline Link Previewing (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-inline-link-preview/README.md)
- [Blinking highlight targeted heading (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-highlight-targeted-heading/README.md)
- [Page properties (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-page-properties/README.md)
- [Page `<meta>` metadata generation](./packages/vitepress-plugin-meta/README.md)
- [Previewing image (social media card) generation (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-og-image/README.md)
- [Enhanced `<mark>` element (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-enhanced-mark/README.md)
- [Thumbnail hashing for images (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-thumbnail-hash/README.md)

## Community

- [Join our Discord server](https://discord.gg/XuNFDcDZGj) for discussions, support, and announcements!
- [Join our Telegram group](https://t.me/+6WKTUzWijf1kMzFl) for discussions, support!

## How to develop

The project uses [`unbuild`](https://github.com/unjs/unbuild) and [`vite`](https://github.com/vitejs/vite) to develop and build. With the powerful features offered from [`jiti`](https://github.com/unjs/jiti), we no longer need to use [Rollup](https://rollupjs.org/) for tedious configuration and then watch the local file changes and bundle the modified and developed the modules without [`vite`](https://github.com/vitejs/vite) for hot-reload. We can directly run the following command to output the bundled file and get started on development:

```shell
# run these scripts in root folder
pnpm i
pnpm run packages:stub
```

If you use [`@antfu/ni`](https://github.com/antfu/ni), you can also use the following command:

```shell
nr packages:stub
```

Next, you need to start the the documentation site (with VitePress) for previewing and development. You can use the following command:

```shell
pnpm run docs:dev
```

If you use [`@antfu/ni`](https://github.com/antfu/ni), you can also use the following command:

```shell
nr docs:dev
```

## How to build

```shell
pnpm run packages:build
```

If you use [`@antfu/ni`](https://github.com/antfu/ni), you can also use the following command:

```shell
nr packages:build
```

To build the documentation and preview site, you can use the following command:

```shell
pnpm run docs:build
```

If you use [`@antfu/ni`](https://github.com/antfu/ni), you can also use the following command:

```shell
nr docs:build
```

## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=nolebase/integrations&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#nolebase/integrations&Date)

## Project Status

![Repobeats analytics image](https://repobeats.axiom.co/api/embed/422f7e142085eeb0c7ef854046101bf90927de91.svg "Repobeats analytics image")

## Contributors

Thanks to all the contributors!

[![contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=nolebase/integrations)](https://github.com/nolebase/integrations/graphs/contributors)

### Written with ♥

Commit message:

docs: index
Signed-off-by: Neko Ayaka <neko@ayaka.moe>

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <picture>
    <source
      width="250"
      srcset="./docs/public/logo-dark.png"
      media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
    />
    <source
      width="250"
      srcset="./docs/public/logo-light.png"
      media="(prefers-color-scheme: light), (prefers-color-scheme: no-preference)"
    />
    <img width="250" src="./docs/public/logo-light.png" />
  </picture>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg" /></a>
</a>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://discord.gg/XuNFDcDZGj"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1229292283657195520?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white&label=Discord&color=%23404eed" /></a>
  <a href="https://t.me/+6WKTUzWijf1kMzFl"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Group-%235AA9E6?logo=telegram&label=Telegram" /></a>
</p>

# [Nólëbase](https://github.com/nolebase/nolebase) Integrations

[简体中文](./README.zh-CN.md)

---

A collection of diverse documentation engineering tools.

> [Nólëbase](https://github.com/nolebase/nolebase) is an open-source knowledge base named after Nólëbase, pronounced as nole-base, derived from the Quenya word 'nólë' meaning 'knowledge' and the English word 'base', hence 'knowledge base'.


## Features

- 🌟 Easy to use
  - Easy and less caring about toolings. Writing is already time-consuming and labor-intensive. These issues should not be obstacles to restrict your creativity.
- 🗿 Cross-platform
  - Whether it is static-first like VitePress and Rspress, or client-first like Obsidian and Logseq, we hope to deliver the similar or even better experience across different platforms.
- 🔮 Rich Features
  - Expand your imagination far beyond with Nólëbase Integrations with loads of features, widgets, components to fill the gap between note-taking platforms while improving.
- 🚀 Writing First
  - From the perspective of documentation engineering, solve and simplify some UX/DX problems, aiming to let creators focus on writing documents, notes, making cards and GTD!


<h2 align="center">Sponsors</h2>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/nolebase/sponsors">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nolebase/sponsors/sponsors.svg"/>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  This project is made possible by all the sponsors supporting our work <br>
  You can join them at our sponsors profile:
</p>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/sponsors/LittleSound"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Sponsor&message=Rizumu&logo=GitHub&color=%23fe8e86&style=for-the-badge" /></a>
<a href="https://github.com/sponsors/nekomeowww"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Sponsor&message=Neko&logo=GitHub&color=%23fe8e86&style=for-the-badge" /></a>
</p>


## Get started

- [Documentation](https://nolebase-integrations.ayaka.io/): It's not easy to demonstrate how integrations work with VitePress, and navigate to find references in README, why don't we give it a try to use our documentation site generated by VitePress?
- [packages](./packages) directory: All the integrations are kept under the `packages` directory, and each integration is a separate package. You can find the corresponding README in each package directory for more details.

If you just want to use the integrations, you can use the following command to install the integrations you need into your VitePress project:

```shell
pnpm i @nolebase/<integration-name> -D
```

If you use [`@antfu/ni`](https://github.com/antfu/ni), you can also use the following command:

```shell
ni @nolebase/<integration-name> -D
```

To find out the integration name, there is a list of integrations below.

- [UnoCSS (for Obsidian)](https://github.com/nolebase/obsidian-plugin-unocss)
- [Auto Sidebar (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-sidebar/README.md)
- [Bi-Directional Links (for `markdown-it`)](./packages/markdown-it-bi-directional-links/README.md)
- [Elements Transformation (for `markdown-it`)](./packages/markdown-it-element-transform/README.md)
- [Lazy loading blurred thumbnails (for `markdown-it`)](./packages/markdown-it-unlazy-img/README.md)
- [Enhanced Readabilities (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-enhanced-readabilities/README.md)
- [Git-based page histories (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-git-changelog/README.md)
- [Index page (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-index/README.md)
- [Inline Link Previewing (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-inline-link-preview/README.md)
- [Blinking highlight targeted heading (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-highlight-targeted-heading/README.md)
- [Page properties (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-page-properties/README.md)
- [Page `<meta>` metadata generation](./packages/vitepress-plugin-meta/README.md)
- [Previewing image (social media card) generation (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-og-image/README.md)
- [Enhanced `<mark>` element (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-enhanced-mark/README.md)
- [Thumbnail hashing for images (for VitePress)](./packages/vitepress-plugin-thumbnail-hash/README.md)

## Community

- [Join our Discord server](https://discord.gg/XuNFDcDZGj) for discussions, support, and announcements!
- [Join our Telegram group](https://t.me/+6WKTUzWijf1kMzFl) for discussions, support!

## How to develop

The project uses [`unbuild`](https://github.com/unjs/unbuild) and [`vite`](https://github.com/vitejs/vite) to develop and build. With the powerful features offered from [`jiti`](https://github.com/unjs/jiti), we no longer need to use [Rollup](https://rollupjs.org/) for tedious configuration and then watch the local file changes and bundle the modified and developed the modules without [`vite`](https://github.com/vitejs/vite) for hot-reload. We can directly run the following command to output the bundled file and get started on development:

```shell
# run these scripts in root folder
pnpm i
pnpm run packages:stub
```

If you use [`@antfu/ni`](https://github.com/antfu/ni), you can also use the following command:

```shell
nr packages:stub
```

Next, you need to start the the documentation site (with VitePress) for previewing and development. You can use the following command:

```shell
pnpm run docs:dev
```

If you use [`@antfu/ni`](https://github.com/antfu/ni), you can also use the following command:

```shell
nr docs:dev
```

## How to build

```shell
pnpm run packages:build
```

If you use [`@antfu/ni`](https://github.com/antfu/ni), you can also use the following command:

```shell
nr packages:build
```

To build the documentation and preview site, you can use the following command:

```shell
pnpm run docs:build
```

If you use [`@antfu/ni`](https://github.com/antfu/ni), you can also use the following command:

```shell
nr docs:build
```

## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=nolebase/integrations&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#nolebase/integrations&Date)

## Project Status

![Repobeats analytics image](https://repobeats.axiom.co/api/embed/422f7e142085eeb0c7ef854046101bf90927de91.svg "Repobeats analytics image")

## Contributors

Thanks to all the contributors!

[![contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=nolebase/integrations)](https://github.com/nolebase/integrations/graphs/contributors)

### Written with ♥
